Change you/your to we/us/our in README (#19)
CodeYourFuture/immersive-go-course: server-database/README.md

[{"title":"Sunset","alt_text":"Clouds at sunset","url":"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506815444479-bfdb1e96c566?ixlib=rb-1.2.1\u0026ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8\u0026auto=format\u0026fit=crop\u0026w=1000\u0026q=80"},{"title":"Mountain","alt_text":"A mountain at sunset","url":"https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1540979388789-6cee28a1cdc9?ixlib=rb-1.2.1\u0026ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8\u0026auto=format\u0026fit=crop\u0026w=1000\u0026q=80"}]
```

> Make sure not to change the field names of the struct when we  do so!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure not to change the field names of the struct when we do so!
```

We'll use [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/), which is an open source relational database. Don't worry if that doesn't mean anything right now. Read the Postgres website to find out the core ideas.

> First, install Postgres. We may have been provided with access to Amazon Web Services, which provides Postgres for you via their Relational Database Service. If not, we can also run it on your computer: follow the [instructions on the Postgres website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install Postgres. We may have been provided with access to Amazon Web Services, which provides Postgres for us via their Relational Database Service. If not, we can also run it on our computer: follow the [instructions on the Postgres website](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).
```

> Your goal is to have a database running that we can connect to using a connection string, which will look something like this: `postgres://user:secret@localhost:5432/mydatabasename`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to have a database running that we can connect to using a connection string, which will look something like this: `postgres://user:secret@localhost:5432/mydatabasename`
```

Before going any further, write some code that checks if `DATABASE_URL` is set. If it's not: write a helpful error to `os.Stderr` and exit the process with a non-zero code, to indicate failure (`os.Exit(1)`).

> Next, create a connection using `pgx.Connect`.We will need to supply a `context`, which can simply be `context.Background()`. We can [find out about contexts in the Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/context), but they are not an important concept for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a connection using `pgx.Connect`. We will need to supply a `context`, which can simply be `context.Background()`. We can [find out about contexts in the Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/context), but they are not an important concept for now.
```

> Remember to handle errors in connecting to the database gracefully: handle the error and output a useful error message. You can check this is working by turning off Postgres and starting your server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to handle errors in connecting to the database gracefully: handle the error and output a useful error message. We can check this is working by turning off Postgres and starting our server:
```

Now we're going to accept data over an [HTTP POST request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST). This will add new images to the database.

> This is going to be an exercise for us. At the end, the following request should work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is going to be an exercise for you. At the end, the following request should work:
```
